  This first chapter focuses on adressing issues to consider when designing Internet of things (IOT) devices. One of the first 
few conecpts the writer opens with in his disinclination to use the phrase internet of things because it downsplays the 
potential these "things" have to become part of our physical real world. I would agree with the writer on this point, 
particularily because IOT devices are spanning a very broad range of devices we interact with in our daily lives. As the writer
points out, IOT devices are independent of monitors and screens at this point in their evolution. In the preface, 
the writer emphasizes that there IOT devices are deidgned for consumers, who will purchase the products out of pure interest 
as opposed to being designed for employees, who will be forced to use them in a work space. This topic of discussion reminded 
me of the hype curve phenomenon which I studied in my Design and Innovation engineering class. The hype curve is an analysis
of latest technology developments and plots the popularity of the product against time since its development. A lot of 
technology peaks expontentially when it is first introduced to the market, and plummets after the peak, eventually leveling off. 
Cases like this have been observed for technology such as 3D television and virtual reality. Altought the writer is very 
optimistic about the integration of IOT devices in our daily lives, I am critical about whether or not the "hype" about IOT
will actually continously increase over time. Especially when the writer began to discuss some devices. For example, a device that 
can rmeotely open your door when your parcel arrives, or a device which can weigh a person and print their details about BMI, 
proteint weight etc on an application. These devices definitly sound interesting, however, the question of whether or not they 
will be utilized by people as often as one hopes begs to be asked. I'm more inclined to believe that IOT devices, like 3D TV 
have been on a hype curve recently, and will eventually level off. 
  I appreciate that the writer made a clear distinction between user experience (UX) and user interface (UI). I would not have 
been able to deudce that the two are in fact slightly different. I also agree with the writer in that optimizing the UX 
should be one the primary concerns in the process of device development. The subtopic of glitches is also vital to the UX. 
When implementing IOT devices in our daily lives, it comes with the high expectation from the consumer that their daily 
acitivities will not be hindered by these applications. People are more likely to be patient with an internet page attempting 
to load as opposed to waiting for a few minutes until their door unlocks. These are activities which the real world proives 
without lag. So if IOT devices, can not adhere to the same standard, then their extintion is inevitable. Another important issue which
the writer brings up is privacy. Although he does not actually this in the first chapter, privacy was mentioned in the table of 
contents for chapter 11. It came to my surpirse that the writer did not address this as one of the first few topics of discussion. 
The writer constantly enthusiastically discusses the potential of IOT devices without reservations, however, it is concerning 
to me as a reader that this topic is not studied as analytically as it should be in order to prevent a bias. On page 8, the writer
mentions authentifications as a draw back of IOT devices, beacuse they slow down the overall UX. However, it is important 
to dicuss the comprimise which must be established between privacy and effeciency. 
