    One idea which I have was influenced by an issue which I have encoutered several times as someone who owns a cat. My family 
  and I tend to travel quite frequently. Thus, any time a holiday approaches, we are left scavanging for potential pet care 
  takers. As an idea for a hypothetical IOT device, I would suggest developing a device which releases pet food at the push 
  of a button on an app from a remote controlled place - even another country. At the level of user interface, the app should 
  be relatively simply to use and elegant. There would be few setting options on the app so it is more user friendly. Also, 
  the only parameters which can be varied are time of food dispension and the amount of food. I believe that as a pet owner, these 
  are the primary two factrs which are taken into account when feeding your pet. The interaction design would be quite simple as
  the device being remote controlled would be a contraction that opens a valve which can reslease content stored in a container, 
  which would be food in this case. The amount of time the valve would be kept open would be based on the data which the device is 
  hard coded with. Parameters which would be considered are veloctiy of the food as it is dispensed and the cross sectional area
  of the valve through which the food escapes. 
    Although my idea initially began with the idea of allowing for remote food dispension, when I read the design concept of
  "interusibility", I began to brainstorm as to how this idea can be expanded to span the entire service of pet care, as 
   opposed to just feeding. The device could also include a water supply duct, and a second devicde could be implemented to
   work in integration with the food device. This second extension can deal with litter maintenace. An issue with leaving a 
   pet unattended is that litter also accumulates in the litter box. A second device can be used to clear the litter into a trash
   can and dispense new litter into the box. This devicde can also be controleld using the same software as the feeding device. 
   Thus, through this concept design, an entire sysem involving pet care can be implemented using multiple devices controlled by 
   the same user itnerface concept. 
