  The first few chapters of this book focus on developing a perspective on the concept of networks in various contexts. 
One of the first models which was introduced by Barbasi was that of the bridge. A graphical model was used to prove 
that a series of bridges in a city could not each be crossed without crossing one single birdge multiple times. It was
concluded that the only solution to this issue was to develop another bridge. While reading, I anticipated that this anecdote
would be extended to address the issue of networking from a social standpoint. As I predicted, the topic eventually evolved
to resolving a similar issue in the social setting of a cocktail party. I found it particularly interesting that mathematicians 
claimed it would take about 30 minutes for a group of 100 people at a cocktail party to establish a "social network". An 
important point which I think Barabasi should have addressed is the question of each individual's social disposition. If the 
100 people in the room were randomly selected, the model assumes that there is an even distrubution of "social people" in the 
sample size, who are likely to network with one another. If one claims that each person would have eventually established 
a certain amount of links to other people, that inevitably makes that assumption that the individuals in the room are equipped with
the same social aptitude. Moreover, the motivation for people interacting was not taken into account. I believe the mathematical 
modeling suggests an interesting phenonmena in terms of randomization of link formation, however, these network links are 
not completely random. Going back to the cocktail party scenario, one factor which motivates people to socialize is their 
social skills. Moreover, other factors which govern an individual's inclination to socialize is the other person's social
status-or even appearance. When a person looks more apporachable or friendly, he or she is more likely to be approached by 
someone else. 
    What I found most interesting is the concept of 6/19 degrees of seperation. It is striking that there exists a higher
 degree of separation between resoucres on the web than humans in the world. I beilieve one possible reason for this is the
 high volume of resources available on the web which might be completely unrelated to a desired website, but might have a 
 few similar key words. With intelligent search engines, it easier to arrive at a desired web page while using much fewer 
 intermediate links. I believe this same ability allows humans to have a very low number of intermediates needed. Humans, on 
 the other hand, can more intelligently asses whether or not their aqcuiantence will be likely to know the desired recipient 
 of the letter. This is one factor which allows me to explain why humans have an average of 6 intermediates between
 any two people while webpages have an average of 19. 
